This is the backup of this mod. To open this, use IntelliJ (Recommended) or MCreator. I'm using both programs, one for hand code systems, other one for general and hard things such as blocks, items, entities, and GUIs.

# How To Use

- To run client or server.  Go to "Gradle" tab at right side, select `Tasks > forgegradle runs > runClient or runServer`.
- To export the mod to JAR format. Go to "Gradle" tab at right side, select `Tasks > build > build`. The exported file will be in `Project Folder > build > libs`.

# From Creator

Thank you for playing my mods! I'm very happy to see people enjoy my hobby. You can also support me by donate on Patreon and buying my artworks if you want. Your support can keep me motivated to continue developing my mods. Anyway, you can easily support me by playing them, sharing screenshots or videos with them, and following my artworks on Twitter.

Hope you understand and respect in what I am. I maybe not a great modder who open to all requests and suggestions. I made mods for my feeling first just like doing artworks. I do what I want to do, with my ideas, for my imaginary world, using the way I like.

Will I do Fabric port of my mods? Unfortunately, no, I'm not fan of it. Also please understand that I have more than one mod, each one also complicated and detailed. Fabric port will be too much hard work for me. There maybe someone in the future who interested in helping to port it, but that I have to consider that first and they must agree with my decision of only porting not adding new things.

There's also terms of use. By using my mods, you must agree with my these decisions.

- You can use my mods in your modpacks
- Suggestions and requests is not open for all my mods. Except contents in custom packs that is half open, means you can suggest but I may ignore them.
code is open publicly. You can read, study, and edit my codes privately. But do not suggest about your edit and publish your own edit without permission. I'm very serious about them, I don't want edited version of my mods released to public.
- Any of my creations are copyrighted, such as textures and models. Do not use them in your works. For generated things is half copyrighted, such as trees generated by my tree generator. You can use them in your custom maps and part of your builds. Just put credit to the mod. But do not use them in your mods/datapacks that look likely to copying of my mod.